Good morning, everybody.
I wanted to come on today and just tell everybody a quick testimony of what God did for us a couple of years ago now.
We were cleaning the rugs at the church on Saturday, and we were driving home; we were headed home.
The gas gauge on the truck that we had was completely broken, and I didn't realize how low we were on gas.
We were driving down the highway when, all of a sudden, the truck just went dead and ran out of gas.
It was probably about 105 degrees in July; it was really hot outside.
My wife was pregnant with our daughter at the time, and my son and my other daughter were in the back seat.
As I pulled over, my wife asked, "What's wrong?
" and I said, "I think we just ran out of gas.
" We started getting really nervous because it was so hot outside.
I rolled down the windows and started praying in the Holy Spirit, asking God for mercy because I didn't want to get out of the truck and walk down the highway with a pregnant wife and two kids.
My son was six and my daughter was 10.
So I was just praying and, all of a sudden, out of nowhere, I'm holding the steering wheel and I feel this bang on the back of our truck and it jolted us forward.
I thought we were rear-ended; that's how hard it was.
I looked in my rearview mirror—and I'm seeing in the spirit at this time—and I see an angel smiling at me in the spirit realm, grinning from ear to ear.
He was this big, heavy-set guy, kind of like I am; he was chunky-looking.
He had huge, massive wings spanned out on the back, and he had a hold of my tailgate.
All of a sudden, we started moving supernaturally down the road; he started pushing us faster and faster.
I was shook up at this time; I was in shock.
We started moving, and as I held onto the steering wheel, I turned my blinker on to get back on the highway.
My wife's like, "My God, what's going on?
" We were all just freaking out.
We were going faster and faster, and I'm in the left-hand lane.
We were gathering so much speed that we started passing people in the right-hand lane all the way down.
That angel pushes us three miles to the next gas station.
We exit the highway.
We stop at the stoplight.
He pushes us through the stoplight down the street another block or so.
We turn right and then we go right into the gas station, and he yanks the tailgate of that truck, and we stop in front of the pump.
When he did, we all just started screaming and praising God at the pump.
People at the other pumps were looking at us like, "What is wrong with them?
" you know, but we were just so excited that we just had an angelic visitation.
My kids didn't see it, nor did my wife, but we all felt the truck moving.
We were going so fast down the highway; everybody knew it.
When we got to the pump at the gas station, we all just started worshiping.
It was just a really cool moment.
Everybody was just like, "Wow," and we all just started laughing.
We just got so full of joy at what God just did.
So I just wanted to come on and tell everybody this testimony about what happened for my children and me, that the Lord took care of us.
We didn't have to have my wife go through it by herself in the middle of the heat and do all that.
It was a dangerous situation and he came through for us.
So I just wanted to tell everybody about the goodness of God and what He does.
If you believe, all things are possible to him that believes.
And nothing's too big for God.
I have testimony after testimony that I'm going to document.
I'm going to put them on here so people can hear about the goodness of God and what He's still doing today.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the miracles that He did two thousand years ago, He will still do today if you believe Him for them.
I believe with all my heart.
I've seen it time and time again, and I'm going to tell you about each one of them.
Stay tuned.
Thank you for watching, and if you could give us a thumbs up, a like, or a share, it really helps us with the algorithms on YouTube.
They try to suppress some of my videos and I'm trying to get them out there for the people.
I really believe God put me on this platform to help folks in these last days.
There's a lot that I have inside of me to help people, and I want to get it out there.
So if you could help us if you want to.
All right, thank you so much for watching.
Have a blessed day.
Bye.